I 'm trying to attach this Baume tire to this wheel of the band saw
a thus clamping the side
I'm trying to fit, but I'm hard and that
I can not fit
That the rubber tires in Esoko
I would like to eat in hot water again so that it is easy to grow
Thank you like this
Put the rubber in a slightly hot hot votive hot water of about 50 degrees and leave it for about 5 minutes
I put it in hot water for about 5 minutes
Heavy rain belt
I accept this
I would like to exchange
While not fall temperature of the belt
I want to work
Ha
That the temperature was raised
It is not easy to stretch a little
I entered sweetly
Because this belt is different from the other, there is a groove in the wheel
For example in Gon in the groove a large amount now finger
I am preparing
Well this is that genuine
It is perfect because it is rubber
For example it entered without this problem
Something like this
Well then the other two
I will do the same
Well here is the second wheel
The exchange is over and it is the third one
The exchange is over, I just couldn't clamp it here
That 9 that this
I unexpected of time being in the place where consuming belts be installed in Tamagokai to a cell of the above from it
It was possible
Anou without this clamp
As it was said that there was warmth with hot water of maa , and it turned red
9 I can take it to this point
Well then we shifted to the side
Well here too
Installation is complete Now all three tires are
I was able to replace Gon rubber which was able to be renewed
Hey Well Anou
In the temperature maximum of 60 degrees of the water heater Atsushi HiroshiYuAsa
Put the handle basin is doing some rubber in this
Huh
Install the blade
Attach that table too
Excuse me
Also check if vertical
Table for this blade is that even vertical activists
this
We confirmed using Kenya
Eh hey this problem is-this is confusing
in this way
So that
Fixing this table for a while, as it may not be possible to maintain it even if it is vertical
It is useless if you don't think about the method separately
Let's cut it a little
Nee yeah
I can not cut the saw blade at all
Can not use a little and this is not to buy a little new that blade
now I can not go backboard
It will not be all close to the radar